Good morning everyone,
 I am Kha Tran, I belong to industrial software solution group, RZ/G project.
 My mentor is Loc Pham-san. Today I will show you my working status after one year
 working in RVC. My presentation has 4 part.
 
 The first one is the training target, the second one is the current status.
 The third one is the difficulites and solution and the final is the commitment.
 . Ok so we move to section one: Training target.
 
My main target is become coding engineer level two after two year.
To archive this target, I must improve four skill for technical skills that include
Programming, development environment, verififcation and software development methodology.
And two skills for soft skills.
To know detail about above skill, we move to section two: current status.

Here is my current level and also the training plan.
All of skill are level 1.5(one dot five) now.

About programming skill, I have a good knowledge about C language  when doing porting task such as
u-boot, watchdog and something else.
I have basic knowledge about C plus plus when doing IMR task
I have basic about Java language when doing Android task.

About Development environment skill,

I can understand and modify recipes of RZ/G environment in Yocto. 
And I also have knowledge about Android framework such as:
Android kernel, libraries, application framework, android runtime, user applications.

About verififcation skill,
I have intermediate skill in debugging method. I can use some ways to debug such as:
using lauterbach tools to read/write runtime, non-runtime register,
using PVR tume to analyze cpu and memory load and using simple debug function like
printk, pr_info.

About software development methodology skill,

I always try to make schedule when working, follow and do step by step.

Next is the current status of soft skills.

About the communication skills,

I can communicate well with others colleague.
I can show and explain my idea clearly.
I have improved more about communication skill by dicussing with REL when doing IMR task.
For English, reading skill is acceptable. I think listing and writing skill should be improved more.

About the management skill, 

When doing Android task, I had a chance to work in small team. I and teammate try to assign and arrange each item in this task and cross check.
It helps me improve time management skill.

After 1 year, I can create and define the target for my task.

Even I get more experience after one year. Howerver, I still meet many difficult issue.
To know detail about it, we move to section three: Difficulties and solutions

The first difficulites is related to Programming skill.

All my tasks are mainly porting. My logic thinking about alogithm is decreased.

With some complex feature or function, I must spend more time to investigate and find solution to develop it.

For this difficulty, My mentor sugguest the book, online course for me to practice.
For me, I follow mentor's guidance and refer output from others colleague to learn new ways, new alogithm to improve my skill

The next difficulty is related to development environment.
The development environment is too big and complex. Especially is android. 
So I can not understand clearly about it.

For sime bugs/issues, it requires deep knowledge. I must learn and investigate more to
understand the structure of environment to analyze and fix issue.

For this difficulty, My mentor will share the debug tools, support to debug and suggest hints for me to debug easier.

About me, I spend a few hours to investigate each parts of environment to understand.


And this is the last difficulty. it is related to management skill.
Sometimes, I can not keep my schedule because of difficult issue.

I must work overtime many times to handle the issue and cover the schedule.

For urgent issue, My mentor will support to debug directly, share experience
If mentor does not have good knowledge about this issue. He will assign to others member who could support me.

About me, I try to think about more ways and try it one by one. Don't just depend on mentor support.
If I still can not find any way to handle issue. I will raise and get support from mentor or all of team members.


That is all for section 3. We will move to the last section

---Read section 4 

That's all for my presentation.

I would like to invite my mentor to give some comment.

---mentor give comment.

Thank for your comment.

How about other members?
Do you have any question?

Thank you for your question.
-=---answer.

If you do not have any question, I would like to invite next person. Hien Huynh

